# MarathonApp
Marathon Race App
User Story: A sports company has hired you to write an application that would simulate a marathon race between interesting groups of participants. They could be slow as a tortoise, as fast as a hare, and anything in between. The runners differ in their speed and how often they need to rest. Some may be slow and never rest; others may run fast but lose steam quickly and rest a lot of the time. Still others could be anything in between. Example operation between two runners: A Tortoise and a Hare
¥	Say in this case, there are only two runners. The runners differ in their speed and how often they need to rest. One of the runners, named “Tortoise,” is slow but never rests. The other runner, named “Hare,” is ten times as fast but rests 90% of the time.
¥	There is a random element to the runners’ performance, so the outcome of the race is different each time the application is run. • The race is run over a course of 1000 meters. Each time one of the runners move, the application display the runner’s new position on the course. The first runner to reach 1000 wins the race.
¥	When one of the runners finishes the race, the application declares that runner to be the winner and the other runner concedes.

Example specifications for N runners (this gives you lot of hints; however, you are encouraged to come up with your own innovative design)
¥	Each runner should be implemented as a separate thread using a class named ThreadRunner. The ThreadRunner class should include a constructor that accepts three parameters: a string representing the name of the runner, an int value from 1 to 100 indicating the likelihood that on any given move the runner will rest instead of run, and an int value that indicates the runners speed—that is, how many meters the runner travels in each move.
¥	Each runner has following information: RunnersName RunnersSpeed
Tortoise 10 Hare 100 Dog 50 Cat 30 RestPercentage 0 90 40 75 The program accommodates N number of runners.
¥	You will read the above runners information from an input source.
¥	The run method of the ThreadRunner class should consist of a loop that repeats until the runner has reached 1000 meters. Each time through the loop, the thread should decide whether it should run or rest based on a random number and the percentage passed to the constructor (RestPercentage). If this random number indicates that the runner should run, the class should add the speed value passed to the constructor (RunnersSpeed). The run method should sleep for 100 milliseconds on each repetition of the loop.
To determine whether a thread should run or rest, calculate a random number between 1 and 100. Then, have the thread rest if the number is less than or equal to the percentage of time that the thread rests (RestPercentage). Otherwise, the thread should run.
